[#746] establish default order for replicas listed by an `iRODSDataObject` (#815)
irods/python-irodsclient: README.md

See `irods/test/data_obj_test.py` for examples of these and other subtleties of progress bar usage.

Replica access and sorting
--------------------------

The `replicas` member of an instance of `iRODSDataObject` allows a view into the various replicas that exist under a
given logical path.  For an example of this, jump forward to [working with data objects](#working-with-data-objects-files).

Note that a `replica_sort_function` option exists in the `iRODSDataObject` constructor and in
`<session_object>.data_objects.get`. If `replica_sort_function` is not specified, the replicas
list contained in the returned object will be sorted according to replica number
(REPLICA_NUMBER_SORT_KEY_FN) in PRC < v4 or by general fitness to be considered as a

> current data copy (REPLICA_FITNESS_SORT_KEY_FN).  in PRC >= v4.  For those definitions, see `irods/data_object.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(REPLICA_NUMBER_SORT_KEY_FN) in PRC < v4 or by general fitness to be considered a
good representation of that object (REPLICA_FITNESS_SORT_KEY_FN) in PRC >= v4.  For those definitions, see `irods/data_object.py`.
```
